Added some info based on feedback from customer (#1026)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/integrations/webhooks/sync-data.mdx

For the sake of this guide, you will only log the payload to the console. In a real world application, you would use the payload to trigger some action. For example, you are listening for the `user.updated` event, so you could perform a database `update` or `upsert` to update the user's details.

> Your webhook will need to return a success code like `200` or `201` when it has finished running successfully, or an error code. If it returns an error code the Webhook will reflect that in the Dashboard log and the webhook will [retry](/docs/integrations/webhooks/overview#retry). When the webhook returns a success code there will be no retries and the Webhook will show a success status in the Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your webhook will need to return either an error code, or a success code, like `200` or `201`. If it returns an error code, the webook will reflect that in the Dashboard log and it will [retry](/docs/integrations/webhooks/overview#retry). When the webhook returns a success code, there will be no retries and the webhook will show a success status in the Dashboard.
```
